Prepare Release 0.2 (#557)
trixi-framework/TrixiParticles.jl: NEWS.md

### Deprecated

## Version 0.2.0

### Removed

> - Use of the internal neighborhood search has been removed and replaced with 'PointNeighbors.jl'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use of the internal neighborhood search has been removed and replaced with PointNeighbors.jl.

```
